_Learn about common payment issues, including payment failure, suspended accounts, missing credits or refunds, and how to resolve them._

### Why Was I Billed Twice In One Month?

The New York Times offers a variety of billing cycles to subscribers. The most common payment cycle is every four weeks, which can result in two billing cycles (two charges) occurring in the same month.

### Why Was I Charged a Different Amount This Month?

For both Home Delivery and digital subscriptions, a rate change in your monthly bill could occur for several reasons, including:

*   Your promotional rate ended, and your subscription is now billed at the standard rate.
*   [Upgrading or downgrading your subscription](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/4409158078740-Change-Your-Subscription)
*   A credit was issued to your account for a [delivery suspension](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001418586-Suspend-a-Delivery-) or a [reported delivery issue](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001418606-Report-a-delivery-issue)

**Note:** _The New York Times occasionally increases the price of Home Delivery and digital subscriptions. We will always notify Subscribers prior to increasing the price of subscriptions by email or mailed letter._

### Why Did My Payment Fail?

There are many reasons why a payment may be declined, including:

*   Insufficient funds
*   Canceled or expired card
*   A transaction is flagged by your bank or credit card’s fraud prevention system

Your bank is ultimately responsible for approving or declining charges. We recommend paying with an alternate form of payment and contacting your bank to understand why a charge was rejected.

To learn how to update or change your payment method, visit [Update Your Payment Information](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/4408046933012).

### Why is My Account Suspended?

If you are a Home Delivery subscriber and your account is currently suspended due to non-payment, [contact Customer Care](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/115015385887) to restore your account access.

If you are a digital subscriber and your account is suspended due to non-payment, we recommend updating your payment method. To learn how to update or change your payment method, visit [Update Your Payment Information](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/4408046933012).

If your issue remains unresolved, [contact Customer Care](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/115015385887) to restore your account access.

### Where are My Home Delivery Credits?

All subscriptions are billed in advance of the current service period. If a credit from a missed paper or delivery suspension is not reflected on your most recent invoice, that credit will be applied to the next service period and reflected on your next billing invoice.

To learn where and how you can view your current service period, [Understanding Your Bill](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413146685076).

### Where Can I View My Next Invoice?

Invoices are generated at the beginning of each billing cycle, and available to view in your New York Times account on the **Subscription overview** page under **Manage subscription**. You can also download a PDF copy of your invoice. 

To learn more about how to understand your invoices, visit [Understanding Your Bill](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413146685076).

### Why Was My Check Not Processed?

**Why Has My Check Not Processed Yet?**

Checks can take up to 21 business days from the date they are mailed to be processed. If 30 business days have passed since you mailed your check and you do not see your payment reflected in your account, this is a good indication that we may not have been able to process your payment.

**Why Was My Check Not Processed by The New York Times?**

The New York Times may be unable to process your check payment for the following reasons:

*   The check was mailed to the wrong address.
*   The invoice payment slip attached to your invoice was not included with your check payment in the return envelope.
*   The check was not completed with the correct information, and could not be processed.
*   The New York Times account number provided on the check does not match the account number on your subscription.
*   If our bank was unable to process your payment for any reason, the check is then voided, mailed back to The New York Times, and shredded.

To learn more about how to pay your bill with a mailed check, visit [Paying Your Bill](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413154415252).

If you believe your check was voided and would like to resubmit your payment, [contact Customer Care](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/115015385887).

Have another billing question or issue? [Contact Customer Care](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/115015385887-Contact-us#care).